.ig
Copyright (C) 2015 Ati Sharma

Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of
this manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice
are preserved on all copies.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
permission notice identical to this one.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of this
manual into another language, under the above conditions for modified
versions, except that this permission notice may be included in
translations approved by the Free Software Foundation instead of in
the original English.
..
.
.TH doitobibtex 1 "April 16, 2015" "version 0.1" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
doitobibtex \- Pulls bibtex data from a supplied doi URL via the crossref API.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B doitobibtex
[\fB-f\fR \fIKEYFORMAT\fR] \fIDOI\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
This program pulls bibtex data from a supplied DOI (as a URL in http://dx.doi.org form, or pure DOI form as in the example) via the crossref API. The output is dumped to stdout. The bibtex entry is cleaned using bibclean and bibtool.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-f\fR \fIKEYFORMAT\fR
The format string passed to \fBbibtool\fR, to generate the bibtex key. Defaults to '%3n(author):%+4d($year)' (see man(1) bibtool).
.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
To append the bibloagraphic data from a DOI lookup to the 'mybibliography.bib' file,
.B doitobibtex
0.1017/jfm.2013.286 >> mybibliography.bib
.PP
.TP
or to dump the key to stdout, with a different key formatting,
.B doitobibtex
\-f '%1n(author)-%+4d(year)' http://dx.doi.org/0.1017/jfm.2013.286
.PP
.SH COMMENTS
Requires \fBbibclean\fR and \fBbibtool\fR, which are distributed as part of the texlive distribution.
.SH AUTHOR
Ati Sharma
a.sharma@soton.ac.uk
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Please email the author with any bugs.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2015 Ati Sharma
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR searchtobibtex (1),
.BR bibtool (1),
.BR bibclean (1)
