.ig
Copyright (C) 2015 Ati Sharma

Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of
this manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice
are preserved on all copies.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
permission notice identical to this one.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of this
manual into another language, under the above conditions for modified
versions, except that this permission notice may be included in
translations approved by the Free Software Foundation instead of in
the original English.
..
.
.TH PDF-RENAME-BY-DOI 1 "April 21, 2015" "version 0.2" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
pdf-rename-by-doi \- Renames PDFs of journal papers, by performing a crossref search query to retrieve author, year, journal and title data.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pdf-rename-by-doi [\fB-v\fR] [\fB-f\fR \fIKEYFORMAT\fR] \fIPDF_FILES\fR

.B pdf-rename-by-doi [\fB-v\fR] [\fB-f\fR \fIKEYFORMAT\fR] \fB-d\fR \fIDOI\fR \fIPDF_FILE\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
This program searches the first two pages of each PDF file for a DOI. It looks up each DOI using the crossref API, and renames each PDF according to the format string \fIKEYFORMAT\fR.
\" To understand the implementation, see for example http://labs.crossref.org/resolving-citations-we-dont-need-no-stinkin-parser/
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-v\fR
Verbose mode: write information about the move operation to stdout. Skipped files or directories are always written to stderr.
.TP
\fB-f\fR \fIKEYFORMAT\fR
The format string passed to \fBbibtool\fR, to generate the bibtex key. Defaults to '%3n(author)-(journal)-(title)-%+4d($year)' (see man(1) bibtool).
The (journal) and (title) options are parsed before being passed to bibtool.
.TP
\fB-d\fR \fIDOI\fR
Instead of scraping the PDF file for a DOI, specify the DOI as an argument. In this case, you can only rename one file at a time.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
To rename all PDF files in-place in the directory called papers,
.B pdf-rename-by-doi
papers/*.pdf
.PP
.TP
To rename all PDF files in the directory called papers, sorting into a new subdirectory named by year,
.B pdf-rename-by-doi
-f '%+4d(year)/%3n(author)-(journal)-(title)-%+4d(year)' papers/*.pdf
.PP
.TP
To rename all PDF files in-place in subdirectories of the directory called papers
.B pdf-rename-by-doi
papers/*/*.pdf
.PP
.SH COMMENTS
Requires \fBpoppler-utils\fR, \fBbibclean\fR and \fBbibtool\fR.
.SH AUTHOR
Ati Sharma
a.sharma@soton.ac.uk
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
There are bugs. Please email the author with any ones you want fixed.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2015 Ati Sharma

License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR searchtobibtex (1),
.BR searchtobrowser (1),
.BR pdftobibtex (1),
.BR doitobibtex (1),
.BR bibtool (1),
.BR bibclean (1)
