.ig
Copyright (C) 2015 Ati Sharma

Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of
this manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice
are preserved on all copies.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
permission notice identical to this one.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of this
manual into another language, under the above conditions for modified
versions, except that this permission notice may be included in
translations approved by the Free Software Foundation instead of in
the original English.
..
.
.TH PDFTOBIBTEX 1 "April 21, 2015" "version 0.2" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
pdftobibtex \- Retrieves bibtex data for PDFs of journal papers, by performing a crossref search query via the DOI.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pdftobibtex
[\fB-f\fR \fIKEYFORMAT\fR] \fIPDF_FILES\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
This program searches the first two pages of the PDF for a DOI. It looks up that DOI using the crossref API, and dumps the retrieved bibtex entry to stdout. The bibtex key is formatted according to the format string \fIKEYFORMAT\fR.
\" To understand the implementation, see for example http://labs.crossref.org/resolving-citations-we-dont-need-no-stinkin-parser/
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-f\fR \fIKEYFORMAT\fR
The format string passed to \fBbibtool\fR, to generate the bibtex key. Defaults to '%3n(author):%+4d($year)' (see man(1) bibtool).
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
To find bibtex entries for all pdf files in the directory called papers, and append them to a file called mybib.bib,
.B pdftobibtex
papers/*.pdf >> mybib.bib
.PP
.SH COMMENTS
Requires \fBpoppler-utils\fR, \fBbibclean\fR and \fBbibtool\fR.
.SH AUTHOR
Ati Sharma
a.sharma@soton.ac.uk
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Please email the author with any bugs.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2015 Ati Sharma
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR searchtobibtex (1),
.BR searchtobrowser (1),
.BR pdf-rename-by-doi (1),
.BR doitobibtex (1),
.BR bibtool (1),
.BR bibclean (1)
