.ig
Copyright (C) 2015 Ati Sharma

Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of
this manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice
are preserved on all copies.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
permission notice identical to this one.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of this
manual into another language, under the above conditions for modified
versions, except that this permission notice may be included in
translations approved by the Free Software Foundation instead of in
the original English.
..
.
.TH SEARCHTOBIBTEX 1 "April 16, 2015" "version 0.2" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
searchtobibtex \- Performs a crossref search query to retrieve bibtex data.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B searchtobibtex
[\fB-r\fR \fINUM\fR] [\fB-y\fR \fIYEAR\fR] [\fB-f\fR \fIKEYFORMAT\fR] \fISEARCH_STRING\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
This program performs a freeform crossref search query agains the string \fISEARCH_STRING\fR and dumps the resulting bibtex data to stdout.
.\" To understand the implementation, see for example http://labs.crossref.org/resolving-citations-we-dont-need-no-stinkin-parser/
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-r\fR \fINUM\fR
Return only NUM results (default 1)
.TP
\fB-y\fR \fIYEAR\fR
Restrict results to year=YEAR
.TP
[\fB-f\fR \fIKEYFORMAT\fR]
The format string passed to \fBbibtool\fR, to generate the bibtex key. Defaults to '%3n(author):%+4d($year)' (see man(1) bibtool).
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
To append to the 'mybibliography.bib' file the bibloagraphic data from a freeform lookup, with year specified:
.B searchtobibtex
-y 1953 "A structure for deoxyribonucleaic acid Watson Crick" >> mybibliography.bib
.PP
.TP
To write to stdout the first five papers by someone called Einstein in 1905, try
.B
searchtobibtex
-r 5 -y 1905 "Einstein"
.PP
.SH COMMENTS
Requires \fBbibclean\fR and \fBbibtool\fR.
.SH AUTHOR
Ati Sharma
a.sharma@soton.ac.uk
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Please email the author with any bugs.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2015 Ati Sharma
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR pdf-rename-by-doi (1),
.BR pdftobibtex (1),
.BR doitobibtex (1),
.BR bibtool (1),
.BR bibclean (1)
